Detox 20 (#3285)
wix/Detox: docs/introduction/partials/_project-setup-devices-android.mdx

```bash
emulator -list-avds
```

You should see an output like:

```plain text
// highlight-next-line
Pixel_3a_API_30_x86
Pixel_API_30
```

:::tip

If you see `zsh: command not found` (or a similar message), please go back to
[Setting up the environment](../getting-started.mdx#setting-up-the-environment) section
where we were redirecting you to the official **React Native CLI Quickstart**, and make sure you
have completed it.

Provided you have `ANDROID_SDK_ROOT` (or `ANDROID_HOME`) environment variables
defined, using an explicit path to `emulator` should help:

<Tabs groupId="desktopOS">
    <TabItem value="darwin" label="MacOS">
        <CodeBlock language="bash">
            $ANDROID_SDK_ROOT/emulator/emulator -list-avds
        </CodeBlock>
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="linux" label="Linux">
        <CodeBlock language="bash">
            $ANDROID_SDK_ROOT/emulator/emulator -list-avds
        </CodeBlock>
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="win32" label="Windows">
        <CodeBlock language="plain text">
            %ANDROID_HOME%\emulator\emulator -list-avds
        </CodeBlock>
    </TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::

> If you don't see that AVD name, you might use another one from the list – just replace it in Detox config, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't see that AVD name, you can use another one from the list – just replace it in Detox config, e.g.:
```

```diff
   emulator: {
     type: 'android.emulator',
     device: {
-      avdName: 'Pixel_3a_API_30_x86',
+      avdName: 'Pixel_API_30',
     },
   },
```

If the output is completely blank, then you need to open Android Studio and [create a new virtual device (AVD)](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds#createavd)

> first. Experienced users might do that via [`avdmanager`](https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/avdmanager), if Android Studio is not installed (e.g. on CI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
first. Experienced users can do this via [`avdmanager`](https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/avdmanager), if Android Studio is not installed (e.g. on CI).
```
